so the king and Haman went to dine with
so the king and Haman went to dine with Queen Esther and on the second day at
Queen Esther and on the second day at
Queen Esther and on the second day at the banquet of wine the king again said
the banquet of wine the king again said
the banquet of wine the king again said to Esther what is your petition Queen
to Esther what is your petition Queen
to Esther what is your petition Queen Esther it shall be granted you and what
Esther it shall be granted you and what
Esther it shall be granted you and what is your request up to half the kingdom
is your request up to half the kingdom
is your request up to half the kingdom it shall be done if I have found favor
it shall be done if I have found favor
it shall be done if I have found favor in your sight O king and if it pleases
in your sight O king and if it pleases
in your sight O king and if it pleases the King let my life be given me at my
the King let my life be given me at my
the King let my life be given me at my petition and my people at my request for
petition and my people at my request for
petition and my people at my request for we have been sold my people and I to be
we have been sold my people and I to be
we have been sold my people and I to be destroyed to be killed and to be
destroyed to be killed and to be
destroyed to be killed and to be annihilated had we been sold as male and
annihilated had we been sold as male and
annihilated had we been sold as male and female slaves I would have held my
female slaves I would have held my
female slaves I would have held my tongue
tongue
tongue although the enemy could never
although the enemy could never
although the enemy could never compensate for the king's loss who is he
compensate for the king's loss who is he
compensate for the king's loss who is he and where is he who would dare presume
and where is he who would dare presume
and where is he who would dare presume in his heart to do such a thing
in his heart to do such a thing
in his heart to do such a thing the adversary and enemy
the adversary and enemy
the adversary and enemy is this wicked Haman Haman was terrified
is this wicked Haman Haman was terrified
is this wicked Haman Haman was terrified before the king and queen then the King
before the king and queen then the King
before the king and queen then the King arose in his wrath from the banquet of
arose in his wrath from the banquet of
arose in his wrath from the banquet of wine and went into the palace garden but
wine and went into the palace garden but
wine and went into the palace garden but Haman stood before Queen Esther pleading
Haman stood before Queen Esther pleading
Haman stood before Queen Esther pleading for his life for he saw that evil was
for his life for he saw that evil was
for his life for he saw that evil was determined against him by the king when
determined against him by the king when
determined against him by the king when the King returned from the palace garden
the King returned from the palace garden
the King returned from the palace garden to the place of the banquet of wine
to the place of the banquet of wine
to the place of the banquet of wine Haman had fallen across the couch where
Haman had fallen across the couch where
Haman had fallen across the couch where Esther Wars and the king said will he
Esther Wars and the king said will he
Esther Wars and the king said will he also assault the Queen while I am in the
also assault the Queen while I am in the
also assault the Queen while I am in the house as the word left the Kings mouth
house as the word left the Kings mouth
house as the word left the Kings mouth they covered Heyman's face now harbona
they covered Heyman's face now harbona
they covered Heyman's face now harbona one of the eunuchs said to the king look
one of the eunuchs said to the king look
one of the eunuchs said to the king look the gallows fifty cubits high which
the gallows fifty cubits high which
the gallows fifty cubits high which Haman made for Mordecai who spoke good
Haman made for Mordecai who spoke good
Haman made for Mordecai who spoke good on the Kings behalf he is standing at
on the Kings behalf he is standing at
on the Kings behalf he is standing at the house of Haman hang
[Music]
[Music] so they hanged Haman on the gallows that
so they hanged Haman on the gallows that
so they hanged Haman on the gallows that he had prepared for Mordecai then the
he had prepared for Mordecai then the
he had prepared for Mordecai then the Kings Roth subsided
Kings Roth subsided
Kings Roth subsided [Music]
you
you [Music]